hello my dear visitors
channel today we have Dubna to please
food construction work completed
we are heating the first test duct
barbecue
smoke does not go in the eyes and let's look
here is this bunch at the same time with us
The kazan works should notice that
our smoke box is still raw only
Today I took a temporary
let's say the film cover
there is an old directory with which
managed to prevent the whole stove from falling
in films but the tube is folded here a little bit
and gerdy this stuff
what we close and you will leave the pipe
there is no house here it is just
abnormal combustion furnace firebox mode
must be closed ie two
devices at the same time let's get a little
walk and see them hard
and on the other comes
but in the video tutorial we will see
let's go here so maybe there will be
it is visible but with channel 2 stomach said by the way
just flax visually goes smoke from the brazier
not really gonna be good burning like this
so we built built and finally
built
Thanks for attention